Update index.mdx (#1623)
surrealdb/docs.surrealdb.com: src/content/doc-surrealdb/introduction/index.mdx

# Introduction

> SurrealDB is a [multi-model database](/blog/what-are-multi-model-databases) built in Rust designed to unify multiple data models into a single, powerful engine. It combines [document](/docs/surrealdb/models/document), [graph](/docs/surrealdb/models/graph), [time-series](/docs/surrealdb/models/time-series), [relational](/docs/tutorials/define-a-schema), [geospatial](/docs/surrealdb/models/geospatial) and key-value data types into one query language, [SurrrealQL](/docs/surrealql), with powerful search and retrieval ([vector](/docs/surrealdb/models/vector), [full-text](/docs/surrealdb/models/full-text-search), hybrid), and https://surrealdb.com/docs/surrealdb/reference-guide/real-time-best-practices, enabling developers to build applications faster and more efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SurrealDB is a [multi-model database](/blog/what-are-multi-model-databases) built in Rust designed to unify multiple data models into a single, powerful engine. It combines [document](/docs/surrealdb/models/document), [graph](/docs/surrealdb/models/graph), [time-series](/docs/surrealdb/models/time-series), [relational](/docs/tutorials/define-a-schema), [geospatial](/docs/surrealdb/models/geospatial) and key-value data types into one query language, [SurrrealQL](/docs/surrealql), with powerful search and retrieval ([vector](/docs/surrealdb/models/vector), [full-text](/docs/surrealdb/models/full-text-search), hybrid), and [real-time and event-driven capabilities](/docs/surrealdb/reference-guide/real-time-best-practices), enabling developers to build applications faster and more efficiently.
```
